{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red221\green32\blue103;\red117\green117\blue117;\red168\green24\blue75;
\red230\green87\blue141;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14640\viewh16300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 1. I would like the splash screen to delay by 3 seconds on start-up, to provide time for it to be read.\cf3 \
\cf2 2. Most text fields do not allow spaces within the text. The only one that seems ok is the Notes field at the bottom of each.\
\cf3 \
ACCOUNTS\
\cf4 3. As per my email \'93Table Layouts\'94, I request that the lines be much closer together \'96 I require 13 accounts per page on an iPhone 4s.\cf3 \
\cf2 4. The Formal Name would be better if in grey to make it even less similar to the Short Name in Bold\
5. Please change \'93Tap here to add new, or Edit\'94 to \'93Tap here to add new\'94\cf3 \
\cf2 6. The \'93I\'94 (information) button does not work.\
\cf3 \
ACCOUNT\
\cf2 7. Please make all data fields (not labels) Bold\cf3 \
\cf2 8. Please make both sets of \'91Address 4\'92, \'91Postcode\'92 and \'91Country\'92 fields UPPERCASE.\cf3 \
\cf2 9. Bug: Once a Primary Account (or Secondary, or Billing, or Accounts) contains data, then tapping that name should jump to that person\'92s Contact Screen, so we can dial, email, text, etc.\cf3 \
\cf5 10. The 3 buttons \'93All Contacts\'94, \'93Discussions\'94, \'93New Discussion\'94, need to have a more attractive button look\cf3 \
\cf2 11. If the \'91Street Addr 1\'92 is empty, then clicking on that field should immediately jump to the \'91(Street) Country\'92 field, so that a Country gets selected first.\cf3 \
\cf2 12. Once a (Street) Country IS selected, the screen needs to return to the \'91Street Addr 1\'92 field to continue. At present, it places the new Country field at the top of the screen, hiding the \'91Street Addr 1\'92 field which should be the next completed.13. If it is possible to replace the greyed field words \'93Mailing Address 1\'94.. \'93Mailing Address 4\'94 with \'93Street Address1\'94.. \'93Street Address 4\'94 that would be great.\cf3 \
\cf2 14. If the \'91Postal Addr 1\'92 is empty, then clicking on that field should immediately jump to the \'91(Postal) Country\'92 field, so that a Country gets selected first.\cf3 \
\cf4 15. Once a (Postal) Country IS selected, the screen needs to return to the \'91Postal Addr 1\'92 field to continue. At present, it places the new Country field at the top of the screen, hiding the \'91Postal Addr 1\'92 field which should be the next completed.\cf3 \
\cf2 16. We do not require \'93View on Map\'94 below Postal Addresses.\cf3 \
\
DROP DOWN LIST - Relationships\
17\cf2 . Please replace header \'93Relationships\'94 with \'93Relationship\'94\cf3 \
\cf5 18. Please change \'93Tap here to add new, or Edit\'94 to \'93Tap here to add new\'94\cf3 \
\cf4 19. Please provide for a manual sort method of this field\cf3 \
\
DROP DOWN LIST - Standard Industry Class\
\cf2 20. Please replace header \'93Std in Classes\'94 with \'93Std Ind Class\'94\cf3 \
\cf2 21. Please change \'93Tap here to add new, or Edit\'94 to \'93Tap here to add new\'94\cf3 \
\cf4 22. Please provide for an automatic sort method of this field (it may already be)\cf3 \
\
CONTACT\
23. The \'93Call\'94 logo appears very heavy (black). If possible, I would like to use the more attractive \'91outline\'92 version used by Apple on my iPhone.\
24. The \'93Txt\'94 logo on the Mobile Ph line (now an envelope) also appears very dark (black). I would prefer that any envelope logo (also a more attractive \'91outline\'92 version) be used for the 2 email addresses, not here.\
25. The \'93Txt\'94 logo preferred by Apple is a hollow \'93cartoon speech\'94 outline.\
\cf4 26. Entering all the dates (birthdays and elsewhere) by using the Apple wheels is fantastic. However, it is extremely slow to return the system to the user (varies from 10 to 30 seconds!), so gives the impression that it has frozen. When it does eventually finish, it provides an unnecessary message reading \'93ACDB, Event Created, OK\'94. If this processing speed cannot be easily improved, please provide a spinning \'93wait\'94 wheel, or a message saying \'93Please Wait\'94 or similar to cover this huge processing time.\cf3 \
\cf2 27. Please move the \'91Curr. Employee\'92 tick to the left side of field\cf3 \
\cf4 28. If possible, please change the \'91Notes re First Name + \'93 \'93 + Last Name\'92 header to \uc0\u8232 IF NOT NULL (\'91Nickname\'92), THEN \'91Notes re Nickname + \'93 \'93 + Last Name\'92, ELSE \'91Notes re First Name + \'93 \'93 + Last Name\'92.\cf3 \
\
DROP DOWN LIST \'96 Buying Power\
\cf2 29. Please replace header \'93Buying Powers\'94 with \'93Buying Power\'94\cf3 \
\cf4 30. Please change \'93Tap here to add new, or Edit\'94 to \'93Tap here to add new\'94\cf3 \
\cf4 31. Please provide for a manual sort method of this field\
\cf3 \
DROP DOWN LIST \'96 Support Level\
\cf2 32. Please replace header \'93Support Level s\'94 with \'93Support Level\'94\cf3 \
\cf2 33. Please change \'93Tap here to add new, or Edit\'94 to \'93Tap here to add new\'94\cf3 \
\cf4 34. Please provide for a manual sort method of this field\cf3 \
\
DISCUSSION\
\cf2 35. The Contact Person selected shows \'91First name\'92 + \'93 \'93 + \'91First name\'92. Is it possible to have\'85\uc0\u8232 IF NOT NULL (\'91Nickname\'92), THEN \'91Nickname + \'93 \'93 + Last Name\'92, ELSE \'91First Name + \'93 \'93 + Last Name\'92\cf3 \
\cf5 36. Cannot edit \'91Contact Date\'92 (it did show a calendar once, but normally shows the \'91Cancel\'85 Done\'92 band).\cf3 \
\cf2 37. Cannot edit \'91Bringup Date\'92\cf3 \
38. I see that you are still working on this part, though.}